Add link to docs in `README` (#130)
tomchor/Oceanostics.jl: README.md

[![Stable documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-stable%20release-blue?style=flat-square)](https://tomchor.github.io/Oceanostics.jl/stable/)

> Oceanostics is a Julia package created to facilitate the creation of diagnosticquantities in

Author: ```suggestion
Oceanostics is a Julia package created to facilitate the creation of diagnostic quantities in
```
